#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements-dev.txt requirements-dev.in
#
amqp==5.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
argh==0.26.2
    # via watchdog
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   redis
atomicwrites==1.3.0
    # via pytest
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   referencing
backoff==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
boto3==1.17.85
    # via -r requirements.txt
botocore==1.20.85
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
celery==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-results
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
codecov==2.1.13
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
coverage==4.5.1
    # via
    #   codecov
    #   pytest-cov
cron-descriptor==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
django-celery-beat==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-celery-results==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-prometheus==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-staff-sso-client==4.2.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-timezone-field==5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
docutils==0.14
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
drf-spectacular==0.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
elastic-apm==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
entrypoints==0.3
    # via flake8
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
faker==2.0.4
    # via factory-boy
flake8==3.7.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8-debugger
    #   flake8-print
    #   flake8-quotes
flake8-blind-except==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-debugger==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-import-order==0.18.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-print==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-quotes==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
freezegun==0.3.12
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via pytest
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
kombu==5.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
more-itertools==7.0.0
    # via pytest
notifications-python-client==6.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via watchdog
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-prometheus
prompt-toolkit==3.0.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pycodestyle==2.5.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   flake8-debugger
    #   flake8-import-order
    #   flake8-print
pyflakes==2.1.1
    # via flake8
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
pytest==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-cov==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-django==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-env==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-mock==1.10.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-crontab==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   python-crontab
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-timezone-field
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   watchdog
redis==4.5.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   codecov
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-mock==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-staff-sso-client
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
sentry-sdk==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
    #   faker
    #   flake8-print
    #   freezegun
    #   pytest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
smart-open==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
watchdog[watchmedo]==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
    #   pytest
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
zipp==3.19.1
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
